Schema storage instructions (#14)
decentralized-identity/credential-schemas: schemas/README.md

# Credential Schemas Repository

Welcome to the Credential Schemas repository. This shared repository acts as a common storage location for credential schemas, enabling standardized and easy access to schemas across different categories and contributors. 

## Structure and Purpose

This repository is structured to facilitate easy organization and retrieval of credential schemas by following these guidelines:

- **Shared Repo:** The repository serves as a shared location where credential schemas are stored for common use. 
- **Category Folders:** Schemas are organized into category folders, which are defined by the administrators of the repository. This repository is managed by the Decentralized Identity Foundation (DIF) admins. Categories are meant to represent the purpose or domain of the schemas they contain.
- **Submitter Folders:** Inside each category folder, schemas are further organized by submitter. Each submitter will have their own folder, making it easy to locate schemas based on the entity that provided them.

This structure ensures that schemas can be easily categorized and accessed based on their intended use and origin.

> ## Proprietary Submissions and W3C Standardization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Draft Submissions and DIF Standardization
```

> Please note that the schemas submitted to this repository are **proprietary submissions** by individual entities and do not represent **W3C standard schemas**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that the schemas submitted to this repository are **draft submissions** by individual entities and do not represent **DIF standard schemas**. 
```

> The **World Wide Web Consortium (W3C)** will closely monitor the submissions made to this repository, with the intention of identifying schemas that may become standardized in the future. The goal is to standardize specific schemas according to their comprehensive design and broad adoption in the ecosystem. While this standardization process may take time, it ensures alignment with best practices and long-term interoperability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Decentralized Identity Foundation (DIF)** will closely monitor the submissions made to this repository, with the intention of identifying schemas that may become standardized in the future. The goal is to standardize specific schemas according to their comprehensive design and broad adoption in the ecosystem. While this standardization process may take time, it ensures alignment with best practices and long-term interoperability.
```

## Submission Process and Rules

Please follow these rules when submitting schemas to this repository:

1. **Category Folder Definition:**
   - The creation of new category folders is overseen by the Decentralized Identity Foundation (DIF) admins. If you wish to propose a new category, it must be approved by a DIF admin. You can view the current administrators in the [CODEOWNERS](./CODEOWNERS) file.

2. **First-Time Submitter Review:**
   - If you are submitting a folder under a category for the first time, your submission will require a manual review by a DIF admin. This is to ensure that the submission complies with repository guidelines, content policies and standards. 
   - Automated content moderation processes are planned for future implementation, but for now, all first-time submitter folders are manually reviewed.

3. **Submitter Folder Requirements:**
   - Each submitter folder must include a `README.md` file explaining who the submitter is and providing relevant information about the schemas inside.
   - Each submitter folder must include a CODEOWNERS file listing the schema contributors and reviewers for that folder.
   
4. **Schema Submission &Compliance:**

>    - All schemas provided in this repository should comply with recognized standards. Primarily, schemas must adhere to the [W3C Verifiable Credential schema definition](https://www.w3.org/TR/vc-data-model/) or other schema definitions based on standards like [EIP-721](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-721) or [VC-JWT](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-ietf-oauth-vc-jwt-10). 

Author: >[VC-JWT](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-ietf-oauth-vc-jwt-10)
This link is broken, Maybe put  JSONLD here instead of VC-jwt
